[MRG] Save simulation to csv file (#753)
jonescompneurolab/hnn-core: doc/whats_new.rst

- Added gui widget to enable/disable synchronous input in simulations, 
  by `Camilo Diaz`_ in :gh:`750`

> - Added gui widget to save simulations in csv format,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added gui widgets to save simulation as csv and updated the file upload to support csv data,
```
